
in atmosci/reanalysis/scripts

update_reanalysis_grid_file.py rtma dpt
update_reanalysis_grid_file.py rtma tmp
update_reanalysis_grid_file.py rtma pcpn
update_reanalysis_rhum_grid_file.py rtma


in atmosci/ndfd/scripts

update_ndfd_forecast_grid.py pop12
update_ndfd_forecast_grid.py qpf 
update_ndfd_forecast_grid.py rhm 
update_ndfd_forecast_grid.py td 
update_ndfd_forecast_grid.py temp 


in turf/scripts

update_weather_temps_analysis.py -v
update_weather_temps_forecast.py -v
update_weather_wetness_analysis.py -v
update_weather_wetness_forecast.py -v


..... build turf threat model files

update_turf_threat_analysis.py anthrac daily 
update_turf_threat_forecast.py anthrac daily 
update_turf_threat_analysis.py anthrac average 
update_turf_threat_forecast.py anthrac average 
generate_threat_json_files.py anthrac 
draw_turf_threat_risk_maps.py anthrac daily 

update_turf_threat_analysis.py bpatch daily 
update_turf_threat_forecast.py bpatch daily 
update_turf_threat_analysis.py bpatch average 
update_turf_threat_forecast.py bpatch average 
generate_threat_json_files.py bpatch 
draw_turf_threat_risk_maps.py bpatch daily 

update_turf_threat_analysis.py dspot daily 
update_turf_threat_forecast.py dspot daily 
update_turf_threat_analysis.py dspot average 
update_turf_threat_forecast.py dspot average 
generate_threat_json_files.py dspot 
draw_turf_threat_risk_maps.py dspot daily 

update_turf_threat_analysis.py pblight daily 
update_turf_threat_forecast.py pblight daily 
update_turf_threat_analysis.py pblight average 
update_turf_threat_forecast.py pblight average 
generate_threat_json_files.py pblight 
draw_turf_threat_risk_maps.py pblight daily 

update_turf_hstress_analysis.py 
update_turf_hstress_forecast.py 
generate_threat_json_files.py hstress 
draw_turf_threat_risk_maps.py hstress daily 


..... build turf controls files

generate_controls_json_files.py dandelion 
draw_daily_control_stage_maps.py dandelion 

generate_controls_json_files.py seedhead 
draw_daily_control_stage_maps.py seedhead 
